[FLINK-37347][DOCS] Support any column as chunk key column (postgres, orcale, db2, sqlserver) (#3924)
apache/flink-cdc: docs/content/docs/connectors/flink-sources/mysql-cdc.md

          <td>Integer</td>
          <td>The maximum fetch size for per poll when read table snapshot.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
          <td>scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column</td>
          <td>optional</td>
          <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
          <td>String</td>
          <td>The chunk key of table snapshot, captured tables are split into multiple chunks by a chunk key when read the snapshot of table.
            By default, the chunk key is the first column of the primary key. A column that is not part of the primary key can be used as a chunk key, but this may lead to slower query performance.
            <br>
            <b>Warning:</b> Using a non-primary key column as a chunk key may lead to data inconsistencies. Please see <a href="#warning">Warning</a> for details.
          </td>

>     </tr>

Author: I added `scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column` option with `warning` link, because it was not in the Connector Options table of mysql cdc docs.

  * If no update operation is performed on the specified column, the exactly-once semantics is ensured.
  * If the update operation is performed on the specified column, only the at-least-once semantics is ensured. However, you can specify primary keys at downstream and perform the idempotence operation to ensure data correctness.

> #### Warning

Reviewer: Could you please add a link of this warning to `scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column` in the `Connector Options` table?

`scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column` option need to be provided in this table.

> Using a **non-primary key column** as the `scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column` can lead to data inconsistencies. Below is a scenario illustrating this issue and recommendations to mitigate potential problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a **non-primary key column** as the `scan.incremental.snapshot.chunk.key-column` for a mysql table with primary keys may lead to data inconsistencies. Below is a scenario illustrating this issue and recommendations to mitigate potential problems.
```
